So, welcome to this new lesson on idioms
and expressions and slangs.
The first idiom we're gonna have, or
the first word/phrase we are going to have is
"Killing it, killing it"
significa que está haciendo un excelente trabajo
o sea, lo está haciendo super bien.
For example: She's killing it in her career
She's killing it in her career
Say it with me (REPEAT): "killing it"
Good, excellent. Once again,(REPEAT): "killing it"
Pretty nice, nice, excellent, great.
Now, the next one: "To die for. To die for"
Means algo que es muy bueno, que es muy
deseado o envidiable, so, for example,
"She has a job to die for, she has a job to die for"
Say it with me (REPEAT): "To die for"
Pretty good, once, once again
"To die for"
Nice, excellent.
The next one: "Tearing her hair out"
"Tearing their hair out",  "Tearing their hair out"
Significa que los está
abrumando, okay, que los está
preocupando, que están muy frustrados,
Example sentence, but they are tearing
out their hair or they are tearing their
hair out because she is not married
Say it with me (REPEAT) "Tearing ther hair out"
Pretty good, excellent, again,
"Tearing her hair out"
Pretty nice, nice, great job
Let's go to the next one:
"Give a hoot", "Give a hoot", "Give a hoot"
Importar algo = "Give a hoot" = Importar algo
"She doesn't even seem to give a hoot about it"
Que (ella) no le importa siquiera eso
Say it with me (REPEAT) "Give a hoot"
pretty good, excellent
Once again (REPEAT): "Give a hoot"
Right, great job, next one
"Is your jam, is your jam, your jam"
Es tu lugar favorito o algo favorito. Eso que pues
le cae bien a tus preferencias.
Es lo que a ti te gusta: "Your jam, is your jam"
Say it with me  (REPEAT): "Is your jam"
Pretty good, excellent
Once again  (REPEAT): "Is your jam"
Pretty nice
Next: "Get the lowdown", get the lowdown = Es obtener información detallada
Get the lowdown = Obtener información detallada
Example sentence: "I'd love to get the lowdown on you"
"I'd love to get the lowdown on you"
"Get the lowdown". Say it with me
(REPEAT): "Get the lowdown"
"Get the lowdown" Once again:
(REPEAT) "Get the lowdown"
Great job, next one: "Hitched", "Hitched"
"Hitched" es estar casado
"Hitched", "Hitched" Say it with me
(REPEAT): "Hitched", "Hitched"
Great job, once again: "Hitched"
Good, Now,
"Flying solo", "flying solo" es estar soltero
"Flying solo, say it with me:  (REPEAT)
(REPEAT) Flying solo, "Flying solo"
Pretty nice
So I think that was everything for today and
I'll see you in the next one, bye -bye.